all right folks Tommy cow at the
realllly and Tom back with you from
outer space and today we're in the
backyard trying to dress up a bird
feeder you know I've always wanted one
of these bottle trees and there's a
really boring post I had that
squirrel-proof birdfeeder on it and it
really works great when that thing's
cranked up it's solar powered but it's
kind of boring so I wanted to make a
bottle tree just to explain a little bit
about the history of the bottle tree it
does come from Africa it goes dates back
to the ninth century but it was
introduced in the United States from the
slave trade Mississippi Delta you
started seeing these things pop up
everywhere and the history says it in
Africa the tribesman people used to put
the bottles around pretty colored
bottles around the gravesites of their
loved ones and it would ward off evil
spirits or that the evil spirits would
go up into the bottle and be trapped and
they've become real popular I love that
cobalt blue those are Bud Light bottles
I'm just kind of taking a break right
now cuz there's a rain delay on the
Daytona 500 decided to come out here and
knock this out basically what I did was
took these dowels cut them into 12 inch
lengths there's a 1/2 inch 1/2 inch
drill and just put that 45-degree angle
on that and then I'm recycling some
signs these are political signs a local
politician I was trying to promote in my
front yard he just gave me too many I
had so much of this wire from those
signs I drilled some really 5/8 inch
holes but actually they're not 5/8
they're to accommodate this and then I'm
wrapping that around some of those so
I'll continue to do that and then I
looks like they're how to make a beer
run
it's more of these bottles but hey
that's a
bottle trees and I kind of like it I
wish I could get some red bottles maybe
even some green bottles but basically
that's what I've done I hope you like it
give you some ideas and thinking a
bottle tree of your own and anyway the
Bott the base I tried to put an old
hollowed-out tree down around that you
know and that was kind of looking cool
anyway look hey it's springtime things
are starting to sprout here look at this
we got the lint and roses check it out
right here in February and they are
blooming that's Linton rose and that's
just loaded they just started to bloom
just now this is another type of Linton
Rose that time and when Ashley gave me
them more one cup really cool that's it
nothing fancy you know that's that
winter color kind of an antiquey look
blooming now I just can't wait for
spring to hit all right hope you guys
enjoyed the video
and go here take a look at some of the
bonsai action the next video I'm gonna
be doing is digging some bonsai material
here's the plant material I last year
and kept them in these training pots
it's a red bud some crepe murders these
are beech trees and they're starting to
bud as you can see the swelling of the
buds on those here's some large crepe
murders I'll be uh cutting that I'll be
doing a cut a major cut on these because
you can see the nebari down there that's
what I was after with these guys right
here these crepe murders anyway
pot man won't say hello no okay well
that's the bottle tree and hope
everybody's having a great one I'm gonna
get back to the race you all have a
great Tommy cow it's signing